[Music]
the Rockhopper chick is still stuck
despite his caution he ends up taking
the biggest tumble of all but his
troubles aren't over yet Caracara a
dangerous predator
another joins at the worst possible
moment he's completely outnumbered but
then backup arrives steamer ducks the
most aggressive in the world the heat
caracaras and won't give up until
everyone is gone the chicks not about to
hang around
this time he has some company for his
final farewell
[Music]
he takes the plunge sliding down the
rocks like it's a water chute
but it's not over yet the giant petrel
is back predatory to the last
[Music]
the check dives but immediately pops
right up again he's never been
underwater before this time the petrol
hasn't
others close in for the kill
[Music]
but the petrol who loses his grip this
time
the penguin stays safely under for good
and joins the others in the sea
[Music]
he will never look back this is where he
is meant to be
you'll spend the next three years
learning the secrets of the scene before
he returns here to breathe
a 6-ton or slaps its tail with awesome
destructive
under the water tail slaps are used to
stun the herring
some fish come too quickly and escape
back to the safety of the shore but most
are picked off by the orcas one by one
soon water glitters and fish scales as
the orcas methodically consumed the ball
of fish
by breaking up the herring into a
smaller show the orcas have done the
home packs a favor turning the usual
relationship between the animals on its
head
[Music]
everywhere else in our orcas or the
humpbacks biggest enemy but here the
humpbacks cashier on the colossal fish
supper
[Music]
on the humpbacks aren't the only ones to
gatecrash the August party
massive fin whales that's what our 3,000
herring in a single goal
[Music]
deadly enemy is feed side-by-side
a unique scene only possible here
because of the warmth of the Gulf Stream
[Music]
aware of the leopard seals presence the
Penguins pressed together at the ice
edge unwilling to be the first to risk
diving in
[Music]
occasionally the seal comes out onto the
ice and attempts to grab one
[Applause]
[Music]
but it's most successful strategy by far
is the lion wait
[Music]
it hides behind the corner of ice
the antlers gain confidence and make a
dash for it
[Applause]
the first wave of penguins escape
once in open water there will be safe
the seal is alerted by the noise and
through the massive bubbles it makes its
attack
[Music]
almost invariably it makes a kill
[Applause]
[Music]
encouraged by the absence of the seal
the remaining penguins make a break for
the open sea
[Applause]
[Music]
their cheeks will Fletch and when the
Antarctic autumn is nearly 10 these
adults will walk across the newly formed
ice to endure yet another winter on the
frozen sea the abundance of krill
attracts other visitors to the peninsula
in the summer
Antarctic minke whales their pointed
heads and short dorsal fins give them
speed and endurance and they need both
there are other whales here two killers
this is an extended family of mothers
and their young and long male with a
huge dorsal fin almost 2 meters high
[Music]
ellone minke whale
it's just what this group of killer
whales are looking for
working as a team as they have done for
decades they fan out across the street
in search of their quarry
[Music]
and they found it the minke races away
pursued by outriders on each flank
[Music]
terrified the minke heads from the shore
it's so desperate to escape it almost
beaches itself
it makes a desperate break for freedom
[Music]
[Applause]
two hours and 20 miles later the minke
is still alive and swimming strongly
it's only real defense is its endurance
but the killer's work as a team with
fresh ones replacing the outriders in
relays
and as the minke tires the battery and
the biting begins
[Music]
[Applause]
seabirds are attracted by the smell of
fresh blood rising from the water
[Music]
The Killers tried to flip the minke over
if they can manage to keep its blowhole
underwater it will drown
one forces that make his whole body down
below the surface
[Music]
and then the final strike
the team dragged the minke under for the
last time and the hunters finally can
feed the chicks grow quickly on a diet
of fish and squid soon they're keen to
explore their always with mother in
terror
this chick is less fortunate its mother
has not returned to claim it another
orphan is searching for a new family but
this female already has a chick of her
own
some officers receive too much mothering
from penguins whose own chicks have not
survived the urge to parent is so strong
that they will compete with one another
to adopt any chick they find many of
these squabbles end in tragedy as the
portrait is trampled to death
those chicks that do have parents
quickly learn survival skills even in
spring they must huddle together for
warmth
just as their fathers did in the depths
of winter
a group of chicks has got lost in the
blizzard cold and disorientated they
search for the colony
[Music]
it will not be long before the storm
claims its first victims
[Music]
by early summer the chicks are
surprisingly well-developed
and now look ready to take on the world
those that survive their first year have
the best possible start in life thanks
to the extraordinary hardships endured
by their parents parents who battled
with the Antarctic winter and one
[Music]